[OSDOCS#18859]: Added files for Degraded TNF (#110945)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/tnf-cluster-degradation-causes.adoc

A Two-Node with Fencing (TNF) cluster becomes degraded when one node fails or loses communication with the cluster. Identifying the specific cause of degradation is essential because it determines whether the cluster can automatically recover or if manual intervention, such as fencing or hardware repair, is required to prevent data corruption and maintain service availability.

Some common causes of cluster degradation include:

Graceful shutdown or power-off:: A graceful shutdown occurs when an administrator manually initiates a power-off sequence, allowing the operating system to signal processes to stop and unmount file systems correctly. This intentional action ensures that data remains consistent and the node is marked as `Offline` within the cluster before the hardware ceases operation.

Hardware failure or power loss:: Sudden hardware malfunctions, such as a disk controller failure or an unconditioned power loss, result in an immediate cessation of service without warning. Unlike a graceful shutdown, these events provide the system no opportunity to clean up active processes, which often necessitates a consistency check or automated recovery once power is restored.

> Network partition or loss of connectivity:: A network partition occurs when a failure in the switching fabric or cabling prevents nodes from communicating with each other, even though the individual nodes remain powered on. In a two-node cluster, this split-brain scenario is particularly dangerous because each node might believe the other has failed and attempt to take exclusive control of shared resources.

Reviewer: I think _believe_ is [Anthropomorphism](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-anthropomorphism)....

```suggestion
Network partition or loss of connectivity:: A network partition occurs when a failure in the switching fabric or cabling prevents nodes from communicating with each other, even though the individual nodes remain powered on. In a two-node cluster, this split-brain scenario is particularly dangerous because each node might respond as if the other has failed and attempt to take exclusive control of shared resources.
```
